src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/WebspiderApplication.java:9:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/WebspiderApplication.java:9:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/WebspiderApplication.java:9:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/WebspiderApplication.java:9:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/WebspiderApplication.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/WebspiderApplication.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/WebspiderApplication.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/WebspiderApplication.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:22:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:22:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:22:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:22:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:28:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:28:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:30:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:30:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:31:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "application/json" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 31
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:31:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "application/json" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 31
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:32:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:32:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:32:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:32:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:33:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:33:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:33:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:33:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:36:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:36:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:37:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:37:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:38:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:38:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:42:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:42:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:44:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:44:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:48:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:48:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:50:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:50:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:54:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:54:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:56:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:56:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:60:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:60:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:61:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:61:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:62:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:62:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:62:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/GameApi.java:62:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/SwaggerConfig.java:25:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/SwaggerConfig.java:25:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/SwaggerConfig.java:25:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/SwaggerConfig.java:25:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/SwaggerConfig.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/SwaggerConfig.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/SwaggerConfig.java:31:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/SwaggerConfig.java:31:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/SwaggerConfig.java:37:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the defaultAuth method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/SwaggerConfig.java:37:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the defaultAuth method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/SwaggerConfig.java:37:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/SwaggerConfig.java:37:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/SwaggerConfig.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'authorizationScope' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/SwaggerConfig.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'authorizationScope' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/SwaggerConfig.java:38:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like authorizationScope
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/SwaggerConfig.java:38:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like authorizationScope
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/SwaggerConfig.java:39:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'authorizationScopes' (lines '39'-'40').
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/SwaggerConfig.java:39:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'authorizationScopes' (lines '39'-'40').
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/SwaggerConfig.java:39:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like authorizationScopes
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/api/SwaggerConfig.java:39:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like authorizationScopes
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:17:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:17:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:17:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:17:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:24:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:24:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:24:	ImmutableField: Private field 'listaGames' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:24:	ImmutableField: Private field 'listaGames' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gameData' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gameData' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'linha' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'linha' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:34:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:34:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gameDataValues' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gameDataValues' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:36:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:36:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:37:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:37:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'g' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'g' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:37:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like g
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:37:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like g
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:38:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:38:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:39:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:39:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:40:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:40:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:41:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:41:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:42:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:42:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:43:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:43:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:44:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:44:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:45:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:45:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:46:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:46:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:52:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:52:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:54:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/job/PlaystationStoreJob.java:54:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:16:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:16:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:16:	DataClass: The class 'Game' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=4.545%, NOPA=0, NOAM=21, WMC=22)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:16:	DataClass: The class 'Game' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=4.545%, NOPA=0, NOAM=21, WMC=22)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:16:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Game
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:16:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Game
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:24:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:24:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:25:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:25:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:27:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:27:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:28:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:28:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:30:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:30:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:31:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:31:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:33:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:33:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:34:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:34:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:36:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:36:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:37:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:37:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:39:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:39:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:40:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:40:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:42:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:42:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:43:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:43:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:45:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:45:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:46:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:46:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:48:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:48:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:49:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:49:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:51:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:51:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:52:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:52:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:54:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:54:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:56:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:56:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'detailsLink' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'detailsLink' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'disccountPercent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'disccountPercent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'originalPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'originalPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actualPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actualPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contentType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contentType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'console' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'console' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imageLink' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imageLink' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:144:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:144:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:146:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:146:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:147:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:147:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:148:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:148:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:149:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:149:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:152:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:152:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'g' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'g' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:153:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like g
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/Game.java:153:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like g
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:8:	DataClass: The class 'GameDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=8.696%, NOPA=0, NOAM=21, WMC=24)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:8:	DataClass: The class 'GameDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=8.696%, NOPA=0, NOAM=21, WMC=24)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:11:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:11:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:20:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:20:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'detailsLink' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'detailsLink' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'disccountPercent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'disccountPercent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'originalPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'originalPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actualPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actualPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contentType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contentType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'console' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'console' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imageLink' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'imageLink' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:108:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:108:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:109:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lista' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:109:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lista' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'g' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'g' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:118:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:118:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'game' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'game' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dto' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/model/GameDto.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dto' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/repository/GameRepository.java:9:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/repository/GameRepository.java:9:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/repository/GameRepository.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/repository/GameRepository.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/repository/GameRepository.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/repository/GameRepository.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:14:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:14:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numeroPaginas' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numeroPaginas' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lista' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lista' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:21:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:21:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'doc' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'doc' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:23:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:23:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e1' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e1' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:23:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e1
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:23:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e1
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e2' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e2' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:27:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:27:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:45:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:45:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:45:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:45:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:45:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e2
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:45:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e2
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:47:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:47:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:47:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:47:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:47:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:47:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:47:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:47:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:47:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:47:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:48:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:48:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:54:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:54:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:54:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:54:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:54:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e2
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:54:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e2
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:56:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:56:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:56:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:56:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:58:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:58:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:64:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:64:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:64:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:64:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:64:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e2
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:64:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e2
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:66:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:66:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:66:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:66:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:68:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:68:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:74:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:74:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:74:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:74:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:74:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e2
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:74:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e2
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:76:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:76:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:76:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:76:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:77:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:77:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:83:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:83:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:83:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:83:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:83:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e2
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:83:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e2
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:85:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:85:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:85:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:85:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:86:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:86:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:92:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:92:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:92:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:92:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:92:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e2
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:92:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e2
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:94:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:94:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:94:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:94:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:95:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:95:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:101:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:101:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:101:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:101:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:101:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e2
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:101:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e2
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:103:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:103:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:103:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:103:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:104:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:104:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:110:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:110:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:110:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:110:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'games'
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:110:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e2
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:110:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e2
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:112:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:112:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:112:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:112:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:112:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:112:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:112:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:112:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:112:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:112:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:113:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/service/PlaystationStoreRetrieveDataProcess.java:113:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/test/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/WebspiderApplicationTests.java:6:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/WebspiderApplicationTests.java:6:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/WebspiderApplicationTests.java:6:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/danielamaral/webspider/WebspiderApplicationTests.java:6:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
